Add sqlalchemy and modify hibernate (#27)
pingcap/dev-guide: en/for-sqlalchemy.md

---

# App Development for SQLAlchemy

> This tutorial shows you how to build a simple Python application using TiDB and SQLAlchemy.

Author: ```suggestion
This tutorial shows you how to build a simple Python application based on TiDB and SQLAlchemy.
```
